# RBE_2001_and_2002_Repository
## 2001
In this project we were tasked with designing the for-bar of a Romi robot, implelemting PID control and then having the robot autonomously navigate to a scale house and put a plate on the top of it (to represent a roof). From there, it would have to then navigate to the other side of the house and put a plate on the roof adjcent from the first. Once completed, the robot would then have to end in the place it originally started. Sensor fusion was also required within this final project in which an ultrasound sensor and an IR sensor were utilized in order to get the most accurate readings. This fusion weas achieved through an algorithm built off of running averages. 
## 2002
We were tasked to create three scenes from Romeo and Juliet and have our Romis execute these scenes with the use of sensors utilizing filters and pid control. Our goal in this project was to integrate the OpenMV camera system with the project in hopes of creating a network of wirelessly connected Romis with fed readings from the OpenMV. If successful, the Romis would be able to execute a series of three scenes from Romeo and Juliet regardless of pose or location while being incredibly precise and accurate. We immediately started to work on the wireless connectivity once the Final Design Review was under way. A few days were spent doing research into BLE, Mesh Networking, and finally UDP Wifi. At this point, a good amount of time was being spent on getting the wireless communications up and running. About 5 days out from the final project, we got working single directional code that would transfer information from OpenMV to ESP32, from ESP32 to another ESP32 on the Romi, and then from that ESP32 to the Romi. Once this was completed, we decided to try and implement bidirectional code. This took a bulk of the time for the remainder of the project time. In hindsight, using UDP Wifi was the wrong direction. As shown by Professor Lewin, there are cleaner options to get Wifi connectivity such as MQTT Wifi. Returning focus to the wireless solution, when the ideation process was finished an overhead camera rig connected to an ESP32 was built to be the base of navigation for the three romis it was operating with. Communication for this was in the form of I2C for the camera to ESP32 and UART for the ESP32 to PoloU microcontroller on the robots.
